Doesn't sound like a roll call
Why do you feel like you are escorting half and half of the prisoners?
I have a very strong feeling of foreboding
Mr. Gao, I think something is wrong
Why don't we use the name of a business trip?
Leave Jin and hide
Mr. Sun has already said it just now
If you don't go
The National Teacher Association will personally help
Fa-rectification on the spot
currently
Only the road to the banquet can be hung
But don't worry.
Mr. Liao and I will take care of you
You don't have to worry. Yes.
That's the only way for now
Can't escape fire
Then I'll go back and prepare.
Come back tomorrow
Take you to Linda Hall
Act like it
Make people think you're here to stop me
Say who sent you
What do you aim at?
Purpose Killing you is my purpose
It seems that I will not kill you.
It can't be like the imperial city
Owen
Chen Zhaiwa, what are you going to do back in the city?
The world's number one master Owen
Lord Owen
I knew I was defeated, so I quit first
Chen Tianjia
I'm here for your country head and secret letter from the state guard
Forget it.
Wait until the old lady tells the king your secret
Your days are numbered
overreach
Taking the king is not my opponent at all